Samuel was only my age when Jehovah spoke to him.
He respected Eli but he had to stand up for what's right.
I never thought that I'd have to do something similar.
I loved my brother and I always wanted to be like him.
But those pictures of him partying with kids from school
showed he was living a double life.
I didn't want to get him in trouble.
I knew I had to say something.
I told him he had to tell mom and dad.
He warned me not to tell him.
But Samuel was courageous and did not hide anything.
And Jehovah himself was with him.
I couldn't hide this.
Talking to my parents wasn't easy.
But I knew it was the right thing to do.
Of course we were proud of Danny.
But...
At the time we were a little distracted.
Maybe somehow it was all just a misunderstanding.
We needed to know what was going on.
We just wanted to help him.
We couldn't help but blame ourselves for what was happening.
Then we thought back to Samuel's example.
Samuel, you need to listen to us.
You're getting old, Samuel.
And your sons are not like you.
They cheat and they take pride.
Look, Vangel, it was rules.
Any way they please.
Even Faithful Samuel had sons who deviated from Jehovah's standards.
We wanted to help our son.
Just as Samuel didn't alter his course.
And Jehovah stood by him.
We knew if we did things his way, he'd stand by us.